#design-patterns-homework-04
Homework assignment is to create application with specifications as those in following lines, which also should contain implementation of some GOF design and POSA architecture patterns.

##Functional requirements

The assignment continues the description of the first homework with certain changes and new items. 

The program at start up reads and verify entered arguments (by order: randomized, diversFile, defile, skillsFile, equipmentFile, maxLeaseLength). 

Logistical preparation needs to be dome before every dive, with aim to properly equip divers according to attributes of the dive. 

Data on diving are located in the file that contains the following information separated by ';': 
- date and time 
- max depth 
- number of divers 
- water temperature 
- is night 
- is recording 

Program at the beginning filters divers who meet requirements derived from dive attributes (max depth, temperature, night dive, recording). 

In addition to its basic certificate (category) divers can be additionally trained for additional skills.&nbsp;Those skills are contained in a separate file.&nbsp;There are the following specialties:
- dry suit 
- underwater photographer 
- night diving

On the basis of the set temperature of water is determined whether a dry suit is needed.&nbsp;If necessary, diver list is filtered to contain only divers who have the expertise of diving with a dry suit.&nbsp;If it is a night dive then filtered to contain only divers who have the expertise to dive at night.&nbsp;In the case of underwater shooting then a number greater than 0 determines the required number of divers who have expertise in underwater photography. 

Of course that are possible combinations of specialties, and thus some divers will not have any specialty, some will have only one, the other two, and the third three. 

If the requirements of each dive meets more than the planned number of divers then take those divers who have biggest rank defined by having: 
- minimum number of dives 
- the oldest dive 
- the lowest category

At the end of this phase should selected divers should be saved, and command line should print divers those divers. 

Equipping of each diver should be made on the way that diver gets minimal required equipment according to the dive attributes. 

The program then loads the file with equipment and each selected diver gets required and available equipment in accordance with the attributes of dive and specialties of diver.&nbsp;The diver where it was not possible to join all the equipment is treated as a diver without equipment. 

Types, characteristics and quantity of equipment at the disposal of the club is contained in the associated file. 

Equipment is leased to the individual diver on a number of days generated by the random number generator with constraint of maximum lease length (which is passed as one of program parameters).&nbsp;After leasing equipment program should print information about charge of equipment count. &nbsp;After expiration of leasing time, it is assumed that the diver returns equipment to the club. 

If there is not enough divers to plan some dives, then all divers return equipment with date of canceled dive.&nbsp;If the diver has loaned certain equipment at the previous dives, then the lease period is extended. 

After each dive and after each returning equipment from diver (due to lease expiry), program should print state of equipment storage.
